__Abstract:__
This project focuses on predicting whether a diabetic patient will be readmitted after undergoing different doses of medications, and if yes within how many days. We are also trying to find people having similar characteristics in-terms of insulin level and many more.


__Project Introduction:__
More than 100 million people in the United States have diabetes or prediabetes. People have limited knowledge regarding Diabetic treatments and possibilities of readmission. It’s not necessary that each medication impacts all individuals in the same way and the chances of readmission provide support whether the dose of medication for that individual was appropriate or not. It cannot be assured that diabetic conditions won’t disappear once patients are provided with medication and their current diabetic conditions start to subside. This uncertainty may even worsen the patient’s conditions in the long run. 

__Objective:__ Hospital readmission rates for certain conditions are now considered an indicator of hospital quality, and also affect the cost of care adversely. Hospital readmissions of diabetic patients are expensive as hospitals face penalties if their readmission rate is higher than expected and reflects the inadequacies in health care system. For these reasons, it is important for the hospitals to improve focus on reducing readmission rates. There are many factors affecting the condition of a diabetic patient, such as Age, Ethnicity, number of days admitted in the hospital, number and different kind of medications, admission type(Emergency, Elective), International classification of diseases (ICD) etc. Hence, the main objective of this project is to identify the key factors that influence readmission for diabetes and to predict the probability of patient readmission.
